Into a container.
That's right, hence. Let me see this container.
And hit this point, you know.
Is a variable that I lost. Something inside so inside is container legacy container this container is key.
Inside a inspiring one. I have… container D.
Any site 209B I am starting a name for a name called Kushi. Let's take it like that.
And I'm called Kushi.
Let's keyword. If I want to declare viral status.
Let me see. Let's Then after that.
I stayed the entity i feel like we are seen over here.
I've declared an integer of an unsigned integer of uses before. So anytime you declare an impede down you are supposed to
State and it's So I'm trying to see once uh This uses the four is going to sell
It's not necessary to bring in CGI over here. Let me see Let's number.
So number, meaning I am storing zero inside number so anytime i call number number is going to output zero to me.
So that's how we flavor our most. And the type and location like I mentioned.
Anytime you declare. This is the type and location of his release what is going to tell the type of environment we are trying to play. So we have… We have… the integer.
Yeah, spring.
We have the moon. Your address, we have beta.
Yeah, so these are some of the common types that we will be coming across.
So anytime you are declaring by interest you don't write integer. The type of annotation for integer is You… I hope you can see my screen.
Reality uses before, uses U32. And then you if y'all saying this because I have in this extension installed Which is called That's the next thing is in sport.
Mufries Baga. And there's one called streamove analyzer and this particular one.
You move and eliza. This will help you to debug your code easily.
It is how to declare… Braubles move.
And also, when we declare a variable. Use humor by default.
Meanwhile, his wife would have declared over him. I cannot go in.
Anytime I could. I cannot come and declare a number again and see.
Legs numb. And I'll assign a new number.
If I try to… It says something like is going to show an error.
Because by default, it's enough is mutual, meaning I cannot choose If I want to change probably some part somewhere in the book.
When I'm the client is once. Used to it. Once I add news to it meaning later in the course i i do this is going to be acceptable. By the moment i don't add this usable keyword It's not acceptable.
Let me declare some. More triplets.
Lam 2. Because you… Okay.
And also we have millions So Gulens represents two of us or one or two.
So probably I say you are right you are right in an application.
The application you are writing requires you of course to output something.
So let me see. Private and not private you can assign Boolean value to something like that You need to write something.
We can jump into the public but with that you can assign a boolean value to you.
I'll see let's bullion. So let's… Driving.
Less private beaches. Sequencing tree.
You get it. And let's public. Probably less.
Public this is a mood. In our food.
To declare fuel or force of a value. And also we have the address type and how do we declare address This is how we declare address.
So we always use a late QS. Yours is the latest keyword to address so let's
Let's address any receipts the type annotation.
Release type annotation is what tells the compiler that is a personal data type trying to play.
Right you see in other languages, they are silenced. In python you can just go ahead and you can just play a number Let's name.
Because goofy. And probably need to wait. You have to.
The name is what It's a spring.
So you always see their type and location.
And also the next thing we are going to Okay.
But at least sometimes for some formal numbers like This number, sometimes the Kampala Oh.
If you skip this. Your compiler is going to assume this as a Boolean.
Let me see. You are assuming this as a string. The Pumpalized.
Yes. And same applies to this. Let me see. You skip this and probably your story is you want to store zero as a spain The compiler is automatically used to see this as an easy, yeah.
I'm clear on this.
Oh.
I actually have a question.
Yeah. Yeah, I can't hear you.
Hello. Hi, I'm coming.
I can hear you.
Hello. Alalayon project.
Are you asking a question?
Okay oh yeah well you declared? You just… See, that's something now that and move.
If you want to declare a variable, you have to like state type.
Yeah.
But this one now you said you cancelled the type phone I think it was you 64 that you said before so that is an unsigned int.
So now you show how we declare in Python and kind of like compare.
But for this let number equals zero, is this still right to declare it like this? Because you said it's still going to recognize it as an integer.
I don't know if you get my question
No, and I made mention of something. I get your question. And I was like, probably… I try to do something like this.
But if you in your hair returns. Our parents store it as a spring.
Okay.
And probably you forget to see the type allocation that is a string.
And he just replay this week. Automatically the unbalanced means you see it as a number.
You get it.
Bye.
So if you declare assuming you work to declare that as a string You know stringer is like sequence of characters Right.
Yeah.
So if you want to declare it as a string. We do compare a seat like this?
As a strength because you didn't have any type to it.
That's the reason why he's always here to get LSI qualification.
Okay. Oh, okay, okay.
Probably in your head, you're assuming something. But I'm going to tell you that's how importantly if you and don't do it the first week I was just pressing on the number because that's how they compile it into C.
But it is always better to add a type allocation to miss.
Okay, I get it now. Thank you.
And for our assignment. So let me see.
I'm just verbal now. Because I've added these major somewhere in the food i can reassigned Lama to a different number.
Over here. Nama is you… And I'm storing i'm using number Anyway, I'm going to get the house 65.
Because I didn't use, meaning I can reassign a different So I can just sit in my food chest wall.
I see now This is going to work.
Because the compiler reached baseline before here. Because there's mutable over here. Okay, he's trying to change Online 55.
10 now. So anytime you are creating a variable and you know that you really assign a You're supposed to add the neutral keyword to it.
I can…
I have a question. Can you hear me? Okay, so I believe the U-H is on sine integer that would be for positive numbers. Am I right, Kevin?
Yeah, yeah, it's only positive numbers. Don't need this numbers.
Okay, so how do you also store negative numbers?
I would say it's not possible. You don't store any numbers.
It's even wrap around, test your food and there's a negative food, your food will break.
Let me say it to you. So I have a quick note.
Okay. Okay.
This is subtraction. And subtracting.
A and B, right? So I'm going to input CUDA is going to give us a negative number and test it.
Their code will break. The name of the function is applied in the trees.
I'll come over here. I've tried entries. I'm going to make the eh?
I went to make the… Cool.
And civics.
Does add.
Then it's three.
Yes. They see that quota is broken, right? You can see it here It doesn't work for me.
Yeah, it reminds me. There's only 10 arrow.
Okay.
Hello.
By the moment I missed this number, I've made it to one And I run the food.
Iran is good.
To work now. Recent aspect now.
Yeah, it's West Pacific India.
Bye.
Okay, I'll move on. Come on, right?
Yes, please. Yes, please.
Yes, and what I did was Vao and declaration and all VARO is a container for storing stuff.
So anytime I declare any Bible. You always start with the next year And the name of the Bible and the Bible, and the value you are assigned to the That's how it works. And anytime you want to You always have to add a meter with you.
I'm moving to some basic and control through the remote language.
So I'm going to create some arithmetic information So we are going to create a declares and variables.
Let's go down. Let's repeat.
Hello. Yeah, please.
Yeah, I can hear.
You did not talk about the vector UA.
Let me tell you it. It's an IRA.
Yes, please. Okay.
And it's also used for springs so in move we don't have springs move without strings.
Yes.
Okay.
Like how are not program language you can just request things before move this we don't have springs.
Yes.
Yep.
You have to enforce things and probably we pass to it You know, so sometimes we use a vector it But this winter by your son Harry move.
So how is we use iris? Another program language. That's all examines.
Okay.
So, hello, sorry, I have a question.
Yeah, I'm listening.
Thank you.
I am. Okay, so the way we declared we assigned So, you know, let's mute number we know this is an integer already. So what we want to display a string in We've replaced U8 with vector you is, right? Then we are assigned maybe like
Yes.
Maybe the essay once declare. Iname is a strength. So let's declare a name and everything. And we assign So instead of the U8, we are going to use vector of V.
With all you ate. To declare, I do get it.
I hope you guys explain it to the person, right? I'm going with your question.
No, I'm trying to like…
Ask me a question.
Okay. I wanted to go back to the code that you place that you declared the variable also figured out something Okay, yeah.
The place you said variable reassignment. Okay, let's say you want to declare a string You want to declare his dream. So HISA, we are going to replace So we're not going to use string. Where U8 was used to declare the integer
So… Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. You pass and… Yeah.
And this is because you see um The first thing, okay.
Stop.
Someone is making us.
Anyone sports? Especially making them lose.
Young Elliot.
Nine. Young.
Yeah, I think… Yeah, please do your answer. Please ask your questions.
Agriculture. Yeah, for us.
Thank you.
Okay, okay. Lion, I just wanted to highlight on the string part I don't know much about the MOOC language, but I'm coming from a rust background.
Yeah.
So I think that the reason why the MOOC language is not having the string um Data senses that.
Probably is to make it fast. Because on the computational background, like after it's been done in binary.
As we're telling Rust and other ones, prints and messages become very, very, very, very expensive So even in Solana, even if they have to use string, they change it to use a data set called message of which they do that through Vectex. So I think that's why it makes me very, very, very fast.
To avoid the string and confrontational charges, it has to use public vectors.
All right. So, and… This is good. So anytime you want to use them.
The importance from the standard library book you are seeing this line, right?
Hello. My heart is even penny.
Yeah, hello. Oh yeah i thought i mentioned earlier, guys, you never thought.
So…
Oh, okay. So my question is um do we always have to assign assign when you are initializing a very variable.
That's a type annotation, right? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, like when, let's see. Signing, not a type, but then when you are signing, I see you always assign to maybe zero, like a number to zero Can you do one without having like zero day without assigning anything to it and then probably
And use the metabol to change it later on.
Yeah, you can't do that.
Actually, I've not got into Spain, but because you're asking I want to see how you do it.
So yes, anytime you want to use, you have to import is from the standard library.
You can't pass it through via a screen. But the moment you are trying to create this data type.
What we've done is we've just created a custom data type.
By the moment we want to make it a little less let's this let's charity register equal to this And when we get here, we can pass vector U8.26.
If…
Let me finish it.
You evaluate value.
Okay. All right. Thank you.
Yes, that's how it works.
Okay.
So I wanted to ask to bring you something on the arithmetic information.
So we have the sound. And we have a difference we have the products the cushions And Reminda.
So once we are seen over, yes. And the difference between But anytime you're finding the difference between smooth variables
Anytime you're finding the difference between small and best you see over here i'm just making it straightforward but let's say in your food we have you have and let's
Nam 1. Is usually equal to five.
And I'm sweet. You 32, right?
You cannot come in and cannot come in something like that that you are storing And resort is supposed to be Naman plus NAM3.
Why do you think it's not going to support anyone's one satisfaction?
Anyone who said white yeah i can why you think it's not going to work?
Thank you again.
Wouldn't need different data types?
I think because it would be different.
It's actually…
I'm thinking it's a size. The different size.
Okay, maybe that's what I was about to say. Maybe because of different
Okay.
Yeah, exactly. So because of the difference the size of the you can try to do something like this. The compiler is going to throw an arrow.
So I can't do a demo from here. So you see over here.
And I'm retaining uses for right Let me try retaining you.
Thank you, too. And you see, it's already showing an error, invalid return Because they're giving values 64.
This is before. So meaning you are supposed to go and change utility before the weekend is going to work. Hope you understand what I've made over here. It doesn't work.
You always have to make sure that it's out of the same You make a difference between them your food is going to crack.
And now when it comes to comparison of breaches. These are the arithmetic operations.
To arrange it. Questions. What if the answer is for addition is for difference. The asterisk over here is for product it is the multiplication And this one is for the slash fire is for potion which is condition and if you do 10, we'll do three is going to return one
The remainder of the application. We fight with him would be three.
Three questions between that one. Once you are the answer.
Which is it. Now, let's go on.
What you call comparison of bridges.
Like right in your area. When we are trying to check whether screen members are equal So in your code, you have mood.
This retaining boot you are checking whether lamb one and lamb 2 are equal.
If not one and I'm freeze before. The moon is going to return to me to us and if number one It's no equal to If number one is equal to lamb.
And will eventually retain false. If Lam 1 is better than lamb 2, the moon is going to return.
5 dan one is less than There will be retained force.
We basically are and comprising of recent west It always returns to your course based on the statement So we usually have a greater than equals when Yes, only equal to two.
Yes, we have that. As a comprising of prison.
And I am going to focus on logical operators.
No idea. The ID is smart, sir.
Let's in my list.
So if you talk about logical operation and anyone who have done and If you understand and if you've done zeros and ones or probably how do we call it ima mas course.
Yeah, if we're looking at anyone that much. Yeah, she's stable. Yay.
True taboo.
One and one is going to retain one, right? 1 and 0 is going to retain zero.
A, four.
That's all. Of course.
It is going to be true. Exactly. So it's always going to be true That's when I'm doing the end operation.
The end of question is always free. So the first one is the end equation.
So… the and increasing Caprita.
Is always True.
If move If more values are true.
Yeah, we've moved. The endocrine retention.
But it's going to return for us if If one of them is forced.
Let me see if I'm doing two and through three and four you need to retain force for me.
But true or false begin to return to. At least they're all operator.
So this is all. Barriers in this or Three or fours is always going to return three.
And not seeing… want to return the negation of And delegation of North C is what is forced.
And this is the XO. Greater.
So now let's go to the if all statements.
So if it is one of the most important stuff in systems Most of the systems that we are seeing are work a lot of if else.
Let's see. And like how let me use an example like a traffic light which uses a timer If the time is between this and this probably Would you agree. After some time moved to red At that time moved in yellow. At that time moved to
Green so that's what it basically just checking time.
If number one is greater than number three. Probably tene compared oh And yeah.
The user number one. If Lam 1 is less than three.
The user that Nam 2 is better. Oh, so… Yeah, use that user are equal.
I think that's how each of us can work. Probably I'll pass a number which is our pass number one is four And number two is theory.
The moment I pass it, the compiler is going to do an else check So if, yeah, it's four and here is three.
Meaning if all is data entry so if all four is greater than three meaning this particular block of food is going to work for me.
Is good. But if for If the number here is less than the number here.
I am going to get this block of
I'm going to get this blocker. Group and click.
I hope I'm clear by you.
Yes.
Am I breaking? Someone is saying I am breaking.
Please, if you have a question and don't send it to my gm Just send it to the chat box so that I can read it then.
Everyone coming to you. Just type it over here instead of standing next to my ear.
All right.
Now you will go to wildlife.
Yes, prediction of money. So if you talk about, basically let me use a game like his game that's some way that you always think.
It's inefflerable. So it's just going. The code is going to run onto a certain condition is met.
So sir when you are playing saui? You keep going on so it hits something.
As you will look something like that. Their code will keep running through that condition is made.
You've declared i is because i is metamu over here.
You can keep running different values of i to the zero.
So what you are saying is like, if I is less than 10, do something.
So because if i show is less than 10. The code is going to keep running. So I is equal to Well, of course, the ice equal to 10 people stopped.
But I couldn't keep running once i is less than 10.
This policy is going to run It went from 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
10. When it runs 10? And it sees that 10 is no less than 10, 10 is brick.
So that works. Which refers run the first one i which is zero.
Zero is less than 10. Retain zero by here. If you count zero plus one.
It's kind of zero plus one. Then zero plus one is now going to Z plus one. Then the code will come back to you by here.
One is less than 10. Because one is less than 10, if you come over here, now I respond.
And I recount one. Then it will come a run of one plus one it's going to run again because 2 is less than 10.
They could come back and come around three plus one. It's not going to get there.
If you keep running to Okay, sir.
If you keep running it with 10 plus 1. The only way to get to 10 plus 1 their code is going to stop. It will be stopped at 9 plus 1.
9 plus 1 is 10, then it brings 10 over here.
And because 10 is not less than 10 So hope you understand how our loop works.
Okay, benefits.
Wait, so I wasn't answering the question. As of the way it is not.
Plus one. Let's say it is plus two. And when it gets to So, you know, when it gets So, you know, let's say it is plus three.
Okay.
So when we say 1 plus 3, then maybe when you get to six plus three and nine You know, it doesn't attend to particular non-baires so we do nine close to you again. It's… like acid loop and move to 11 so
We did lose top, we didn't give information to look like that or it should just stop at then Right.
No. Yay. It is so great.
Because if you get in line, nine plus three And so it's no less than 10, right?
Yes.
What is data dancing, right? The code is great at Since last day.
Okay, so it's a stop at 9. It will exceed the loop to 11.
Let's do that. This is what he's trying to say. Instead of twin eye plus i mean iOS 3.
So I is going to start from zero. And it's going to check zero less than 10.
So because there is less than 10, Zara will come over and Zero Perry.
Do you agree to get zero Three.
As office includes when the plateau runs. Because 3 is less than 10.
The next is going to be Two, eight, three.
Very plaster. It used to be three plus three.
Is less than 10. Process is less than 10 days to come and run the fully generously.
And because A plus three And because nine is less than 10, you could come back to come and run again at nine plus three.
The weather could run from lion plaster. There could be considered Lime plus berry and is greater than 10 and it's not less than 10.
You get that answer. They could abort at which is mine.
It's great to hear you now.
Okay, it's clear.
I did the same thing for other including for loop and everything. That's the same thing for them
For leukesietic condition.
Okay.
So let's say for example, something. So for this in zero to 10, do something.
So let me see if I'm running a loop and for one and for this for i 0 to 10.
Ui plus one so for four look if i'm if it was for i'm doing It's also going to run but for full look, you run for loop when you know like the type of condition you want to meet.
It's like, you know what you want to achieve. That's important figures I'm trying to see.
Okay.
So it's running until that.
All right.
We are going to move to functions.
So what do other numbers ranging from?
I can't hear you well.
I said, what if I'm using numbers from you from probably Are we going to use the same method?
Yeah, it's the same method for everything. This is just a scenario.
And it's not always going to be numbers. Therefore, look, yeah.
I mean, before.
Is this your question again. Yeah.
Can you hear me?
Thank you. Let me talk.
Yeah, please you can go with your question.
No, go on with your question if you can hear me, go on with your question.
Yeah, I asked the question that if probably I'm using before in the write this follow up. And I'm trying to use a maybe number ranging from the 12 to 40.
Am I going to use this same method you use here? I just need to dip it on and add two periods and i'm in the dot and the end diamond right
No, no, no. Okay, I get it. You don't use dot. Yeah, dot is not our house.
Runful.
We get it and we also have bricks and continuum. Some of the stuff um
There are two dots between zero.
Are you talking about the whole loop?
Hello, can you type your question in the chat box?
I think you were talking about the follow.
Yeah.
Is it like you want an example for the world. I don't understand what he's trying to say.
Z out.
I think we can't get any. You're on mute yourself.
He's muted.
I think she's having a… challenges.
Yeah, I'm going to read it.
No, no, you don't need to use that lot. What I'm doing is more it's more like I'm just using How do you call it? Comments to explain stuff geology council What is your question.
All right. So I want like… Let's see i want to see this function to give me a return your age is less than… let's say if you are eating and below this and then it went 18 and above which one is above
Appropriate is it there while loop or the for loop.
East Coast. Probably you saw it as a variable.
Oh, okay.
So… Let me see.
Let's… Yes.
It is a new this sequence, right?
So with this, it's better to use the equals. If your age is greater than 80, then we are going to return to all those else we are going to return false negatives.
It's better to use details for that one. You get me.
So I'm going to find you. Before I go to Francine, any other question.
Yes, please. A question here. Like in the move language, how do you run code? For example, if we take a Python, there's something, we can use the print command Java, we can use S-O-U-T in MOOC. How do we go about that?
Yeah, so… Use the egg.
If you start writing most ads. You will not really use it if you're writing a whole lot of code It's better just write this test for your food.
And you cannot run code like you like normal fight where you can't just move we just So if you come over, you know.
Early days now. So is it in Ibak?
But you also see the ibag, right? Yes, with these words we can use to print.
Yes.
Our challenge is for uh it's for testing you can't run it as a normal code. It's going to break down. You're supposed to run it as a test.
Yeah, I suppose you write test for your food, then you do it.
Before you can't rinse your food. So probably tomorrow we will do something like that.
But if you are writing a complex application. When you're writing your test and you're passing these kind of stuff you see that your code is going to be some kind of way of working so you ignore it all These are writing smart contract. The best way to write space for your food. Make sure the taste are perfect.
So that's the reason why always very necessary to write this for a smart contract For smart contract languages do not really have that transformation, how it works easily in our other foods like that.
I think unless you're using the equipment or something but before you can rent the Really with this one.
If I try to do this, if I try to use the food.
You see with this one it has printed the image this is how it's printed it Printed with some It's not normal like how we see it in our normal front-end food. These are expensive.
So you see app, bank, bank, bank. Yeah, I see.
I know. So if I try to build this book. Grabbing through an arrow.
Telling me I'm no busy user. Okay, I didn't after I did it.
Yeah. Sometimes it's even tell you that you're not making use of
So if you just run the code like this, you know.
I know we're going to get any outstanding. You only get an output when you make an error in your post like If I make an error by making it you get it too.
Let me leave you this. That's the only thing that Kampala is going to tell me that I've made an error.
It's either I put errors to you or warnings to you.
Or the compiler data. So if you want to get output I was supposed to be right there's for your food so that one use it.
Yes, come on. Yes, Kumar.
I can't get out. You know, like our normal actually basically what you see It is Resort 1.
In another language. Visualize resource one.
And it also comes with this, right? These are three and also it's just going to be baggage is in strange houses.
And if you are writing a book you contract you're not interested in this stuff. You'll just be interested in writing letters to pass.
Because even if you make a mistake in the test, the food we are most, if I'm not printing.
Can I make a mistake in my test, the code or what?
They play similar round.
Any other questions? You can ask your question.
Hello, I want to wrap up.
Wow, I can't finish everything together. I can't finish everything.
You.
Oh, okay, okay. So… Our last thing is functions and what are functions It's a package for it.
So for instance, the function of features is a feature so whatever you are doing today runs across every language that you need.
Any language you're going to miss details over there. Their while loops.
And verbal declaration and stuff whatever you also meet functions in any language that you pass to.
Across languages. Yes, it functions and offers me write a specific food And we can use it multiple times instead of rewriting it. We just like and you see this and it is good.
You have a fun scene. And this machine is always art smoothies.
We probably now could look we don't always want it writing yet because 1 is equal to A plus V, next result 2 is equal to C plus V.
Absolutely. Probably I've been making many additions. So instead of as writing always creating so many You can just write one passion.
Anytime I fall. I've got these art fish and i passed it's always been to art.
If iPhone is at least 10 times its number, she will be give me the output of the addition of the numbers.
Instead of always declaring variables and manually doing the addition. Hope you understand how function works.
Yeah like like this is one of the most important steps to move Well, fashion agrees.
Api for your front end. Your phone 10 is always going to call functions in your code.
Is one of the most important things you need to understand. You can't write smart contracts.
Act as the API to your content. My friend always qualifies me to work. It's always quite a fancy for me to work.
If I see function is a block of wood. Which can be called multiple times like instead of four it's like a revisible let me think like if a reasonable block of food, which we can call multiple times So you see we have add entries over here right
Finish our entries, I can call our entries again.
Relates. Probably result four.
Results for
It's your question.
I'm calling Resort 5, right? Hundred and two hundred spikes.
Hope you are seeing this book.
I just need our food. Resort 5.
Am I audible? Yes, we're not five, yeah.
Yeah, isn't that?
Yes.
I'm passing 100 and 200. Now also have results one which is i'm i'm calling the same function Let me… mail is out.
We are now focusing on just the addition. Let's create another addition.
Relax. These are six.
Then. Let's ask these comments.
And let's… Result 7.
Then let's resol it. Inlet Resort Line.
Resort 114. 17, 18, 1920.
You see, I'm just calling just one function operating over there.
And all I'm doing is just passing numbers for you A and B, A and B, A and B, A of your currency is right.
All means passing A and B to me. The error is because they are not making use of it.
It's absolutely easy.
Yes, we know all the errors should go. I've just created one block of food this is That's good.
I've been able to pull just that one food multiple times over here.
If I run my food. Let me see this.
If I…
If I tell this good. She is giving me all the outputs.
But I didn't manually Instead of we need manual which is i'll always be creating different variables now create and let's results one 67 plus 8.
This is 9 plus 10. Instead of creating different stuff, I just have one.
I just have one and On all these machines, we just add in any Yes, I promise you.
So I need to suggest policy. Once I follow it. Addition of that. So that's how function works.
So you just run, write one line of code. You just find some lines of food means you can reuse me of course any point in time so sometimes we have some getters function You great advice. In that fashion.
Let me use this food. Let's say over here.
We will always create a charity. You always register a charity.
So once we register the charity. Instead of me always creating, let me see, I always create a new name a new description and always… Perfect.
Good luck.
Yeah, I think you're breaking Is it from my end.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Am I breaking?
No, you are okay. I just had to continue.
Yeah, I don't know. You're breaking. And maybe it's from my end.
Okay. These guys who have this function release person is registered charity.
So in the front end the front end is going to call this registered charity And if the front end calls this registered charity What's the user identity is the link in the description.
The name of the charity. And the purpose of their charity so this is what the front end is going to see So if 10 people call me 10 people can call is In just this one line of code. Instead of repeating this line of code for
10 different people. I just have this function and this function place people can call this function. It's basically giving them the same output.
Hopefully you understand how function works.
Have you Googled how function works? Like I said, the code is just everything is just going to be of fun it's fine.
Most of the staff you are going to meet is just fine soon.
Where we've gotten to is the most important part of it.
We need to understand how function works. Let me… Anyone who comes voluntarily explain questions to me.
If not, I'll just wrap up on it.
Lion, I wanted to… add a contribution was a question like sort of.
Yeah.
So we can go to where we are writing the functions.
And while we're writing the test. Look good for writing the test.
Okay.
So you see where the debug prints resource resource one, two, three, and other ones?
Why don't we also writes a function that can maybe help us simplify as declaring the function real by real but so that it won't have… you have to pre-in code multiple times and then we apply the principles and functions into it.
I don't really get you.
Can you scroll up a bit? We see we declared the results for the variables, right?
So we have resource one resource two resource three add to their results 20 or so.
Yeah.
I was thinking, is there anywhere whereby we can also use the idea of point chains to be able to simplify that cursor that we don't have to repeat If whenever we have a new test to write, we don't have to repeat
Declaring a new variable.
Okay, can you tell me 10 or 5 minutes for that?
But what I'm trying to explain over here is… I'm just calling a financing.
Yeah, I want to explain why is at any moment in time in my court.
If at any moment in time you might… I want to use a i want to make an addition I don't need to declare a new variable and say This equals B plus A.
I can just call this my normal function. So in any point of my food, I'm not going to use I'll just call this function.
And that will be returned as soon. I think it's because it's a test you to assign it to some output.
But if it was anywhere here in my food. And probably in some way they're mindful.
After I do much supply entries. From the result i am getting over you. I can pass that result just following this function.
This means we retain it as a result instead of clearing another variables against.
Yeah, I do. I do. I do. Thank you.
Is he like this? This contains a significant fancy.
Release financial contest. Is going to check whether a specific ID the same charities is going to retain an outcome.
Dashboard is continuous raking. So instead of you always writing text Write me plenty checks, glory check which report is contains It tends to if there's a value associated with the That's what is contained method which is metal are sometimes function and it's worse
At any moment, 45 quality data. But it says… You just need to assign it to something to get an output to show that your test is working.
I will play with Francine. I want one person. Little questions.
I don't know if I'll wrap up as much in the small community.
Starts, abilities. And the vectors, references, and probably busy resource management then there will be time to error online and some sessions.
Okay, hello.
So I'll wrap up by Twin.
Okay, so please can I go back to me? For sure you neglect like
In the ad could, right?
Yes.
I want to ask you to write a fine thing from scratch on our own. You get to see how it goes.
Okay, so…
You can ask your question.
It's outside. Ask me something clay.
So we declare the fruition, eh? He goes, you know.
I won't like really difficult newbies. Public shows that the function is public then the phone is to show that it is a functional lobby. It's already full function well like it's rated on a certain level okay the name of this function is now add
Oh, yeah, right. You are right. Which is there.
Underscore and underscore trees. And the function is taking to argument if i'm right i'm trying to like assume maybe it's kind of like what i'm thinking if it's right Okay, just taking into argument that
Modifiers by Congo.
Okay, so it's taken to argument A and B. So we already know that.
And also assigned to them to show that, okay, these are integers and it's performing calculation so we have declined this function to be this So what we are going to use to call the function is like the functioning like he did the
Yeah.
Add underscore and underscore trees the way you did the first time sorry please slow down that place that you call the function again i want to like check something
Hope you can see it, right?
Okay. Yeah, so I didn't really get Oh, you really got the photos. The way you call the function now is you just use public phone then you call the this is like the test so i want to just get
How you call the function. Yeah.
What does it mean that I call a function? To perform tax and all that. And can you apart from this particular code Can I still call this for show me what you are.
Create the new code like when you write the new program so can you put like call the same function niggiene.
I need to work in another
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the worst case scenario I asked. So you see and so that was it.
You made mention of the public Companies the function and they add increases the name of the pricing. That's a perfect And these are the parameters I'm passing.
So we have access modifiers. So we have public. The moment I make the affliction public.
It is accessible from other models which is the question your accent. If I don't have any modifiers, if I don't at public Uber here.
Then automatically the function is smooth.
Okay.
Automatically the function is It's private, right?
Wait.
You get it. Yeah, so if I add public over here.
Ish.
If I create a new, I can only call it within this package. I cannot go and call it within a standard package.
I added a new package by here. Are two plots.
Right. I can import I can call this function.
In action perfume.
Okay, you can only call it within the package. Okay.
Within a package, but outside the package cannot follow. Anything within their practice wants equality are supposed to make it public.
Today our public sewer is what makes it or if you call in mini pack.
You see, there's one function over here. By you.
There's nothing like public attached to it. And this fashion looks impossible. This function runs once.
I only recall once. To Rasme, I publish that application.
Once I formed the application, this function will automatically be called It means you run once once it's once we cannot call this And it's a private financial like you can see.
You need to mention a composition. Private you can just have one.
In a particular class. Okay, you understand how it means.
Okay, so Deepat, I was calling about, calling, calling, calling, calling, calling.
Okay, okay. You said how, hey, they're falling off. Pricing, right?
So when I'm calling the pharmacy.
All I need is just pass the fancy name. See, even if I over over it.
Umarit. Really where the function is coming from.
Okay, I see. So I conclude a function this way over here.
Okay.
My account code is gone.
The results report and finds me.
Only they are using to call it. Tazoo.
Pardon? Through is out. Yeah, just a function. No, at least nothing.
I said, just the phone.
This is how we call financing. Oh, he's gauge.
Two.
Fast this name. In the argument, it accepts it.
And if I run this boot If I tested this U.S.
I'm not going to give us anyhow.
Okay.
Why didn't keep asking us?
It's because I wanted to print the output. That's the reason why I was assigning Like I told you rambles without even talking about signing environment. So I was just assigning the outputs to results Like when I started travel and clarification. I made mention of that.
When I started viral flourishing over here. I will mention that this In any way I put this in my
Okay. Yeah.
Yes. Yes. So what I was just doing is I just, because I wanted you to see the output of this particular function.
I was assigning it to your variable. And I was printing that variable for you.
Okay, thank you.
Any other?
Another question for me.
Yeah, so I'm wrapping up each question. It's more we write your question then.
And some other stuff which are more move move kind of deleted.
Stuff. Once he's done today, applies to all programming languages you can apply the analogy any programming language you come across.
And these are a kind of logic figures combined together to form any application you are asking is this kind of Fundamentals.
You combine speed application. It is very important for you to understand it.
Fundamentals how they work to any other questions.
Hello and welcome to This tutorial is
Are we okay?
Yes, I think so.
Okay, there's a question here. Please, if you send a question to the chat box and let me sweat at our opening certificates.
So there's a question if I want to look through from Okay, this question, I answered it is right.
And there's a question from Sammy. Do you mean explain it in a parallel way?
Can you kindly explain these questions in my life? Trim the question or anyone who understand that question can you share me to go for me?
Yeah, hello. Yeah, I think I typed that.
Yeah, hello.
You know what I mean, I think someone asked the question.
And then you're trying to explain that it's printed line by line. So I was just thinking does you mean it brings in a broader way.
It screens. Whatever, Swiss like It's where Oh, there's a word for it. Anyone you can help me that way.
The program is how how those kind of RBC.
When a compiler works by checking line of foot line by line by line, there's a wait for that.
Any program the program is kita allel
I don't really get the question. Let me see if I can try.
You see and this is how programming compiler works See, the compiler always with it doesn't is where it runs the code line by line.
So it comes is reached 945, 946, 947. So when I was painting the results, he was saying I was like, my interest is speaking in a parallel way. I'm just trying to see that.
Because the compiler already before line 65.
I'm clear on this one.
Yes, it just blind by line because in some programming languages, if you want to compile your code okay let's say like an interpreter, like you mentioned before right on to I do it like line by line too.
Aha, synchronous. Thanks, thanks, thanks.
Oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I had an idea and said sequence on the um In this form.
Thank you. Any other one? Thanks.
Also, it could also be… related depending on the language.
Some languages like Kotlin and Athens, you can be able to add breakpoints to your code.
And then they become asynchronous and then it can jump the code and probably when you're doing ui And those are like mobile apps and maybe working on threads Yeah, you can be able to skip lines of code, but it's just probably error in the bargain.
So I think it also depends on the language as well.
Okay.
Actually, I think there's that in which they move if you are using the wow like the loops. You can add break and continue.
Media code. But I see… There are some stuff in languages you know it's not everything that we made use of. Yeah, they are just there, but we don't really use it.
Those kind of stuff if you are using it and you don't take it, you end up writing backs You just need to use it carefully.
Go for thanks for your… Have you seen.
Yeah, I think I agree with you.
Yeah.
Telegraph.
Yeah, lie on. So what I wanted to add to what you were saying is that When it comes to like move, right? Like we execute like from one line to the other, right? And this is different from other programming languages.
Because if you take a look at node.js which is like the event-based stuff, right? It's totally different so for move let's look at it as well.
Once we are done with 45, we move to 46. 47, 48, then you're able to follow like you know theological steps through your code so that you don't get confused along the way.
All right. Thank you. Yeah, thank you.
Awesome. Awesome. Yeah.
Any other addition or question? Probably a sub trash.
I think just like Mr. Douglas was saying. Thank you to note where do you see these concurrent streets and all that so It responds as like it will be it will be online maybe let's say line 40 something and if you see a trade that needs attention, then it will jump to that.
So I think movies quite specific. Uh-huh. But maybe something like note it would just be, let me say node of priority or something like concurrently
All right. Thanks. Thanks.
There's no question. I think you can wrap up the day.
I hope you understand what And if you really understand.
You don't need to understand everything, okay? You just need to keep practicing programming i always say is 90% successful.
So whatever.
Whatever. I'm doing today is more like… Oh, anyway, in primary schools learn alphabet.
So when we lent alphabet and we used to let us and we haven't taught all the English West.
But today you complete any book and you can read it that was because you took your SSO and your G0O CEO.
Oh.
And you understood everything. So that's how programming works. You need to understand the basis of and if you understand the basic wallet you can just apply it and you can write Any logic we want to write. And it doesn't matter the language.
Once you understand how programming works, you can adapt to any language easily.
Yeah, so let's take this as we are learning as well so soon No, go.
These are these two alphabets.
Yalenin.
Oh, fucked up.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, that's what I'm trying to say. Don't give up.
I've like
Because, ma'am, we land as also and geo go. We didn't understand it. You always keep reciting it.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
You kept reciting it before we became familiar before we started reading books and sometimes you break it we break it to combine the work CO2, D-A-Y-D. Today.
So that programming was the worst. We are just learning the basics.
No.
Yeah, so we will combine it later to create an application so if you are able to follow up to end the last week.
Focus there. Okay. Thank you. I'm consumed, I'm consumed. Ask for follow-up. I need follow-up today.
All right, sure. Thanks.
Of course, I didn't leave the class I didn't really get what you were doing.
Frankly.
Yeah, I get it. I know some of us. If this is your first time.
It's going to be difficult for you to understand it. So all you need to do is just Part 6. Yes.
Go to it. Just be curious about whatever he wants If we are really curious, I believe it can be.
A little bit.
Post video programming is just out there. Free on every platform you just need curiosity to learn So QRCC and consistency that's what keeps the flow back in the loop.
Yeah, so whatever we have done today It's actually AVCD.
Yeah.
No problem. No. If you can just interpret all those numbers to english or french or German.
Something straight i read it back.
Oh. You'll get it then.
Oh, worry less, worry less you will get it. Worry less.
Your best dress craft.
And someone's watching off their YouTube channel. Yeah, there's a YouTube channel to learn more.
Let me see. They don't take you from busy so they just explain stuff like they they explain it like you know small item lecture.
And if you're in the WhatsApp group, I'll send those i'll send a link to the YouTube code.
Video for you to go and watch. But like I'm saying You're not going to explain it by breaking stuff to you Even the YouTube video, some of them they don't write code they just show good screenshots and they explain it
Why he really wants to be good in move. I bet what the best way to reach the move book which i have been seeing it is their move book, their move book, move book.
And with their move book, there's a whole lot of reading for every line of code that they write, there's a whole lot of reading that is in that line of code.
Let me say two sections every day try to reach those two sessions two sections You don't need to understand everything. You grab the business and if you grab the basics, yeah, you can do it.
Yeah, so if that means we can come in and you wrap up the day for us.
Okay, thank you so much, Lion. Well, a wonderful session tonight.
I actually thought you would not be able to make it to class but as a good teacher you're able to come So we had an event today and Clian had to talk for a long time he had to stand and talk for a long time and
Somehow, I thought maybe today we'll just say good night because i was actually going like I wanted to go and sleep but he said no he would make it to class so i had to associate a week.
Okay, Lane, I think someone is asking a question. Do you have a video on how to set up move on Windows?
I think there's a video like do you have a video like that
Yeah, there's a video I've posted. I don't know if the person I know some of you some of uh has joined today And I'll repost all those things and I'll pin them.
Who is asking for item 13? We'll ship it the next the next morning to Nigeria for you. So you will get it, yeah.
So um Leah, you said you have a video on.
Yeah, I was thinking if you did.
Okay, yeah, so he's asking about the move book kindly um share the move book in the our WhatsApp group so that anyone can access it Okay.
So for the two days we've had the classes we've posted the the videos and whatsapp group so if you have any difficulty setting up CLI, you can kindly go through the go the recordings to see how you can set up
You can install your CLI. Then you can just get started. If you get stuck anywhere, you can just reach out in the group and people would i think to you, okay?
So we'll be meeting again tomorrow, same time, 8 p.m. Utc time.
And yeah, I think we'll have to end. Nights okay it's past 10. I don't want us to be staying more than 10 p.m.
Later than 10 p.m. Okay. And thank you guys so much for participating today.
Some… Lawrence benefits gail everyone everyone who showed up today and stated to the class. Thank you guys so much and so much we'll see again tomorrow, tomorrow evening yeah good night. We're ending the class now.
Lyon, I think you'll have to end from your side, okay?
Good night, everyone. Bye.
Yeah, thank you too. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, good night. Yeah, bye.